My Name is KARIM MANSOUR, I'm a SOFTWARE Engineer with 5 years of experience, TWENTY-SIX YEARS old, Egyptian Guatemalan.
I've graduated from SYSTEMS & BIOMEDICAL Engineering, Cairo University, Egypt.
While I was undergrad I found my passion towards software engineering, So, I started to DEVELOP my self in this field.
Then after graduation I seeked a job in ths field and I joined MedStreaming, health care system provider, as a Customization Developer.
MedStreaming HAS a lot of products in Healthcare like CVIS, CardioVascular Information System, Billing and Analytics. Our main product is CVIS.
I'm working in CVIS, CVIS is a cusomizable platform, that consistes of many engines like (worksheet, calculations, language and report gen)
I started as a cusomization dev who customizes worksheet UI and report templates to reflect this ui.
THEN I became a software dev engineer who mentains existing features and engines, emplements enhancements and new features.
then I joined CLINICAL TEAM who is responsible for CVIS platform infrastructure and provide 2nd line support when the case esclated and needs a dev point of view. This helped me understand the infrastructure and the business more.
There was a performance problem in our platform that made the Exam Viewer takes about 20 seconds to open and report generation was taking about 15 seconds.
I did analyse the code and calculted TIME COMPLEXTIES for the main functions to determine the root cause of this performance issue. 
there was a lot of legacy code in these areas
I starated to RE-STRUCTURE these components, used data structure like HashSet and HashMap.
Also I used Devide and conquer to devide the main component into smaller COMPONETS and made them load lazily.
Currently the exam viewer is taking 5-7 seconds to open and report generation is taking 3-6 seconds
The company recognized my efforts and I've promoted to be a Tech Lead
Now I'm a tech lead who is leading a team of 5.
I'm open minded who likes to socialize and explore new cultures.
I was born in GUATEMALA and moved to Mexico then Back to EGYPT, Then I traveled to AbuDhabi, United Arab Emirates
Also I've visited Mumbai, India, KSA. Amsterdam Netherlands, Seattle, Redmond, Los Angeles and San diago in US
Breifly, I traveled to many countries east and west and that made me accept different cultures and know how to deal with difference.
NOW, I Live in Cairo, Married and have one kid :)
CURRENTLY I'm Testing Sequence analysis with a statement more than 2500 characters that has words with upper case letters and may contain specail charactes inside this word like ([dash], [dot] and [coma]) also it contains words without any letters at all
THAT'S IT!!!!